update and add dev agent info (#8718)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-in-the-cloud.md

The <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> offers several [keyboard shortcuts](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/keyboard-shortcuts) and [editing features](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#editing-features) for faster and efficient development and governance:

- Syntax highlighting for SQL &mdash; Makes it easy to distinguish different parts of your code, reducing syntax errors and enhancing readability.

> - AI copilot &mdash; Use [<Constant name="copilot" />](/docs/cloud/dbt-copilot), an AI-powered assistant that can [generate code](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot#generate-and-edit-code) using natural language, and [generate resources](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot#generate-resources) (like documentation, tests, and semantic models) for you &mdash; with the click of a button. The [<Constant name="dev_agent" />](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) lets you generate or refactor models from natural language with plan-based, auditable changes. See [Develop with <Constant name="copilot" />](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AI copilot &mdash; Use [<Constant name="copilot" />](/docs/cloud/dbt-copilot), an AI-powered assistant, to [generate code](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot#generate-and-edit-code) using natural language prompts and [create resources](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot#generate-resources) such as documentation, tests, and semantic models. With the [<Constant name="dev_agent" />](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent), you can generate or refactor models from natural language with plan-based, auditable changes. See [Develop with <Constant name="copilot" />](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot) for more details.
```

| **Preview and Compile button** | You can [compile or preview](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) code, a snippet of dbt code, or one of your dbt models after editing and saving. |
| [**<Constant name="copilot" />**](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot)| A powerful AI-powered assistant that can [generate code](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot#generate-and-edit-code) using natural language, and [generate resources](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot#generate-resources) (like documentation, tests, metrics, and semantic models) for you &mdash; with the click of a button. <Lifecycle status="self_service,managed,managed_plus" />. |

> | [**<Constant name="dev_agent" />**](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) | Autonomous AI agent in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> that writes or refactors dbt models from natural language, validates with <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, and runs against your warehouse with full context. <Lifecycle status="private_beta" />. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**<Constant name="dev_agent" />**](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) | Autonomous AI agent in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> that writes or refactors dbt models from natural language prompts, validates with <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, and runs against your warehouse with full context. <Lifecycle status="private_beta" /> |
```
Is the Dev agent beta or private beta? The [main page](https://docs-getdbt-com-git-add-dev-agent-dbt-labs.vercel.app/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent?version=1.12) says it's in beta.

| **Preview and Compile button** | You can [compile or preview](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) code, a snippet of dbt code, or one of your dbt models after editing and saving. |
| [**<Constant name="copilot" />**](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot)| A powerful AI-powered assistant that can [generate code](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot#generate-and-edit-code) using natural language, and [generate resources](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-copilot#generate-resources) (like documentation, tests, metrics, and semantic models) for you &mdash; with the click of a button. <Lifecycle status="self_service,managed,managed_plus" />. |

> | [**<Constant name="dev_agent" />**](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) | Autonomous AI agent in the <Constant name="studio_ide" /> that writes or refactors dbt models from natural language, validates with <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, and runs against your warehouse with full context. <Lifecycle status="private_beta" />. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [**<Constant name="dev_agent" />**](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) | Autonomous AI agent in the <Constant name="studio_ide" /> that writes or refactors dbt models from natural language, validates with <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, and runs against your warehouse with full context. <Lifecycle status="beta" />. |
```
